hello this is search independent Network
today I'm at the Cole Brothers circus to
see my good friend chips the clown let's
go see what chips does when he's having
chronic circus
I'm chips here and where am I Virginia
Virginia at the cold weather circus of
the stars 2 2013 2 or 100 cities 14
states just on fire and watch in
Virginia and Beyond New Jersey New
Jersey all is good at all Brothers
Circus
happy birthday to ya so come to the Cole
Brothers Circus you've got a lot of time
when you find it out when you find it on
our Facebook pages make sure you come to
the shows it's exciting you'll hold your
breath on a lot of Acts the clowning is
good the shows are great this is a hot
show you want you don't want to miss a
Cole Brothers Circus 2013 thank you hey
Mike stay without buddy then Duke see
you later sir Tunis band oops